Update custom-proxy.md SDK initialization (#4858)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/custom-proxy.md

## Custom Proxy CloudFront

> These instructions refer to Amazon CloudFront, but apply more generally to other providers as well. Before changing the Segment UI (Segment tracking API) or the Segment snippet (Segment CDN) to use your new proxy, please ensure that you have completed the custom domain proxy setup on your side to avoid any unexpected behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions refer to Amazon CloudFront, but apply more generally to other providers as well. Before changing the Segment Tracking API or the Segment snippet (Segment CDN) to use your new proxy, complete the custom domain proxy setup on your side to avoid any unexpected behavior.
```
